query_id,query,target,rewrite,label
tweet-sno-39,The black outlined area on this very outdated _Atlantic Dorian graphic that Trump just used in his update was added and not a part of the official forecast. ,U.S. President Donald Trump displayed an altered graphic purporting to show Hurricane Dorian potentially hitting Alabama.,The dark border on this extremely outdated _Atlantic Dorian map that the U.S. leader just showed in his briefing was added and not part of the official forecast.,1
tweet-sno-265,"America should “build a wall of steel, a wall as high as Heaven” against the flow of immigrants.–Georgia Gov. Clifford Walker, at a 1924 convention of the Ku Klux Klan, then a powerful force at a time of strain for the white working class. #PastIsPrologue","Georgia Gov. Clifford Walker said at a 1924 Ku Klux Klan meeting that he'd ""build a wall of steel"" against immigrants.","Governor Clifford Walker of Georgia called for constructing a ""wall of steel, a wall as high as Heaven"" against immigrants.–This statement was made at a 1924 assembly of the Klan, significant during a period of strain for the white labor force. #ReflectingOnHistory",1
tweet-sno-486,"Calling it right now, #stonemanshooting suspect is a #DACA recipient as well as a person prohibited from possessing a weapon. Police radio reported his name as Nicholas Cruz.","The accused school shooter in Florida is a Dreamer, a DACA recipient, or undocumented.","Calling it right now, #southfloridashooting suspect is an undocumented immigrant as well as a person prohibited from possessing a weapon. Police radio reported his name as Nikolai Cruz.",1
tweet-sno-723,Ted Cruz: “Southern States Should Build Their Own Nuclear Weapon To Protect Their Beliefs”,"Sen. Ted Cruz said Southern states should build a nuclear arsenal to ""protect their beliefs.""",Republican Ted Cruz: “Dixie States Should Create Their Own Nuclear Arsenal To Safeguard Their Values”,1
tweet-sno-946,"i love working at the post office in Columbus, Ohio and ripping up absentee ballots that vote for trump",A postal worker was caught destroying absentee ballots with Trump votes in the swing state of Ohio.,"i love working at the mail depot in Cleveland, Ohio and tearing up absentee ballots that vote for trump",1
tweet-sno-537,"You don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law – not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!","A video shows Democrats, referred to as an ""angry left-wing mob"" by President Trump, committing various acts of violence.","You don’t hand matches to a firebug, and you don’t give power to a livid leftist horde. Leftists have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to manage. The GOP believes in the rule of law – not the rule of the horde. VOTE GOP!",1
tweet-sno-356,Here’s video ofclaiming he helped look for survivors & clear rubble on 9/11. He didn’t. He was lying. #NeverForget,Donald Trump and hundreds of his workers helped search the rubble for survivors after the September 11 terrorist attacks in Lower Manhattan.,Here’s video of the businessman turned politician claiming he helped look for survivors & clear rubble during the September 11 tragedy. He didn’t. He was lying. #NeverForget,1
tweet-sno-933,Brad Pitt SHOCKS AMERICA: “I’m Tired Of Liberals Taking My Money. I’m Voting For TRUMP!”,"Brad Pitt recently slammed liberals for ""taking [his] money"" and has endorsed Donald Trump for President.","The star of ""Fight Club"" SHOCKS AMERICA: “I’m Tired Of Left-Wingers Taking My Money. I’m Voting For TRUMP!”",1
tweet-sno-387,"Ginni Thomas, wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, shared images of black people who had allegedly left the Democratic Party. They were actually models in royalty-free stock photos.",The #WalkAway Campaign used ads featuring stock photograph models and claimed they were Democrats leaving the party.,"The wife of Justice Thomas, Ginni, circulated pictures of black individuals who supposedly departed from the Democratic Party. These were stock photo models.",1
tweet-sno-900,#BREAKING Texas allowed to deny birth certificates to US-born kids of undocumented parents!!,The State of Texas announced it would no longer be issuing birth certificates to the children of undocumented immigrants.,#BREAKING The State of Texas enabled to deny birth records to US-born children of undocumented residents!!,1
tweet-sno-713,WikiLeaks cable Robert Mueller delivering highly enriched stolen Uranium to Russia in 2009h/t ,Then-Secretary of State Clinton ordered then-FBI Director Robert Mueller to deliver highly enriched uranium to the Russians in a secret plane-side meeting in 2009.,Classified cables report Mueller delivered highly enriched stolen uranium to Moscow in 2009.,0
tweet-sno-730,The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.,Donald Trump deleted a years-old claim that China invented the concept of global warming from his Twitter account.,The hypothesis of planetary heating was crafted by and for the Brazilians to render American industry non-competitive.,0
tweet-sno-513,"More Fake News. This was photoshopped, obviously, but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean!",The White House posted and then deleted an unflattering photograph of President Trump that displayed marked facial coloration.,"More Fake News. This was edited, obviously, but the breeze was strong and the hairstyle looks good? Anything to disrespect!",0
tweet-sno-974,I’VE BEEN SABOTAGED ON AIR. TO DESTROY SUPPORT FOR TRUMP. MORE LATER,Radio personality Michael Savage was fired because he talked about Hillary Clinton's health on the air.,I’VE BEEN SABOTAGED ON AIR. TO DESTROY SUPPORT FOR BIDEN. MORE LATER,0
tweet-sno-200,"Once again, Adam Schiff flat out REFUSES to let duly elected Members of Congress ask questions to the witness, simply because we are Republicans. His behavior is unacceptable and he continues to abuse his Chairmanship. Watch 📺👇",U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff unfairly refused to allow a Republican House member to pose questions during an impeachment inquiry.,"Once again, Jerry Nadler flat out REFUSES to let duly elected Members of Congress ask questions to the",0
tweet-sno-277,"#Canada discovered a mummified dinosaur from approx 110 million years ago, finally unearthed","Photographs show a ""mummified"" dinosaur fossil discovered in Alberta, Canada.","#TheLandOfMaple uncovered a mummified ancient creature from approximately 110 million years ago, finally exposed",0
tweet-sno-718,"Per multiple NBA sources, reports right now on Warriors not going to White House are untrue; team hasn’t received invitation or discussed.",The Golden State Warriors basketball team announced on 13 June 2017 that they had unanimously voted to skip a visit to the White House after winning the NBA Championship.,Sources within the sport indicate reports of the Bulls skipping a trip to the President's House are inaccurate; the team has not been extended an invite or deliberated on it.,0
tweet-sno-785,William Macy aka FRANK GALLAGHER died last night‼️ :/ day ruined,"In March 2017, actor William H. Macy died of a heart attack at the age of 66.","The face of Frank from Shameless, Billy Macey, died yesterday‼️ :/ feeling so blue",0
tweet-sno-453,I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!,Amazon's use of the USPS for package delivery services has resulted in a severe financial loss to the Postal Service.,I am right about Spotify costing the French Postal Service massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Service. Spotify should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the French Taxpayer. Many billions of euros. Post office leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!,0
tweet-sno-577,"Stepping out with my REAL HAIR, that Beyoncé pays thousands for.","Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren compared her ""real hair"" to Beyoncé's hair.","Rocking my REAL HAIR, which Lady Gaga spends big bucks on.",0
